 CHAPTER I.     Down the Rabbit-Hole
 CHAPTER IV.    The Rabbit Sends in a Little Bill
Down the Rabbit-Hole
picking the daisies, when suddenly a White Rabbit with pink eyes ran
so _very_ much out of the way to hear the Rabbit say to itself, “Oh
time it all seemed quite natural); but when the Rabbit actually _took a
had never before seen a rabbit with either a waistcoat-pocket, or a
large rabbit-hole under the hedge.
The rabbit-hole went straight on like a tunnel for some way, and then
long passage, and the White Rabbit was still in sight, hurrying down
turned the corner, but the Rabbit was no longer to be seen: she found
Rabbit returning, splendidly dressed, with a pair of white kid gloves
Rabbit came near her, she began, in a low, timid voice, “If you please,
sir—” The Rabbit started violently, dropped the white kid gloves and
that she had put on one of the Rabbit’s little white kid gloves while
The Rabbit Sends in a Little Bill
It was the White Rabbit, trotting slowly back again, and looking
Very soon the Rabbit noticed Alice, as she went hunting about, and
plate with the name “W. RABBIT,” engraved upon it. She went in without
a rabbit! I suppose Dinah’ll be sending me on messages next!” And she
rabbits. I almost wish I hadn’t gone down that rabbit-hole—and yet—and
the Rabbit coming to look for her, and she trembled till she shook the
large as the Rabbit, and had no reason to be afraid of it.
Presently the Rabbit came up to the door, and tried to open it; but, as
she heard the Rabbit just under the window, she suddenly spread out her
Next came an angry voice—the Rabbit’s—“Pat! Pat! Where are you?” And
“Digging for apples, indeed!” said the Rabbit angrily. “Here! Come and
then the Rabbit’s voice along—“Catch him, you by the hedge!” then
“We must burn the house down!” said the Rabbit’s voice; and Alice
Alice heard the Rabbit say, “A barrowful will do, to begin with.”
and among them Alice recognised the White Rabbit: it was talking in a
walking by the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face.
“Hush! Hush!” said the Rabbit in a low, hurried tone. He looked
“Did you say ‘What a pity!’?” the Rabbit asked.
“She boxed the Queen’s ears—” the Rabbit began. Alice gave a little
scream of laughter. “Oh, hush!” the Rabbit whispered in a frightened
saw the White Rabbit. She was a little nervous about it just at first,
him; and near the King was the White Rabbit, with a trumpet in one
stopped hastily, for the White Rabbit cried out, “Silence in the
On this the White Rabbit blew three blasts on the trumpet, and then
“Not yet, not yet!” the Rabbit hastily interrupted. “There’s a great
“Call the first witness,” said the King; and the White Rabbit blew
The King looked anxiously at the White Rabbit, who said in a low voice,
Alice watched the White Rabbit as he fumbled over the list, feeling
surprise, when the White Rabbit read out, at the top of his shrill
Rabbit interrupted: “_Un_important, your Majesty means, of course,” he
White Rabbit, jumping up in a great hurry; “this paper has just been
“I haven’t opened it yet,” said the White Rabbit, “but it seems to be a
“It isn’t directed at all,” said the White Rabbit; “in fact, there’s
“No, they’re not,” said the White Rabbit, “and that’s the queerest
The White Rabbit put on his spectacles. “Where shall I begin, please
These were the verses the White Rabbit read:—
The long grass rustled at her feet as the White Rabbit hurried by—the
